Jesse melons I'm here with vote made me
calm at the annual pre gala celebration
for the National Black Arts Festival a
lot of individuals come to me and they
ask me what they would feel with all
right you have the style you have the
ambiance you have the flavor no
pretentiousness bhai our style we have
the ladies we have the gentleman Greg
goose that's keeping the drinks going
all night complimentary hallway vodka
drinks they're going to have live
presentations it's going to be a silent
heart functions it's very well made and
it's very style conscious dress it up
with your accessory of course the
signature Louboutins which makes it
Superman
you might want to catch
very quick is very lemonade with
L'Orange it's very refreshing and it's
been a hit and
events I also have one which is really
good I did one for Heinz 40 that time I
caught the greatest 86 but
cranberry spray it's not too sweet
when you're drinking a martini and Rossi
which is also great for parties great
sunset was something very good it is -
one can reduce 50 in the bar which is
compare very good spot so how do you
accommodation is an expression of
yourself and I think that heart is also
an expression of yourself
it's that creativity I think you show a
lot about yourself and who you are by
the way I think a lot about how you
think how you feel and your perspective
on the world what I'd like to be able to
think more about is what's next
you know what's going to be fresh what's
gonna be new what's coming up with the
newer artists who are the new people
working alongside with
the folks have been doing it for a while
thank you for coming on this ride with
us I hope you enjoy this term - fashion